now all and welcome to this without their
20 and today we are back with another
tutorial good morning is not a tutorial
it's like a mod
it's a personalized content with and I think
that in the first each a video
personalized content so we're going to
start the installation goes after
than what those who do not know how
install custom content
you can see that the notification that the
wave
always returned annotation can go with what
let's see what this does
personalized content that what it does
is to have 1,017 created color shades of
skin is
a lot or are they are millions and color and
skin there are a lot there are some that already
they are like means that
we would not like it but there are others who like
they are not in the game something more realistic
not that the game is not there
we can use and they look good so let's go
to start this with cassidy and with the link
we are in home
these are the instructions now as
for how to use it what you have to do
it's good they're going to select the sim what
they have here they select it and they select
face and go to face
faces and skin tones
it does not matter that they have selected
any skin return go to details
skin and now yes they have the mode
well installed they have to appear here
this bar that you can click here
that we have all these colors well what
use but here there are not 1017 no but
if for example I put this yellow not
This is very good and a lot of good all
this skin color
I put this yellow and I come back to face and
skin tones because we are in details
of skin
and post Any choice ar
of these this is changing different
tones so the truth are always
very much the work they did
with this because doing all this for
every so to see what does not take up much
space the mode then it 's very good
the personalized content
we have a lot of everyone we were leaving
for example let's go to a celestial we can
choose any skin tone here and
always the blues and the greens go to
change a little more than us by
example this common green like a blue
more water what you do not have to see is not
compatible like that because we put it
it was a problem with before
I kept putting these the
the moles did not let me put I do not know
why it was not but it seems that now
it works so great
let's see if we choose
everything is perfect
walks also with makeup can use
of all are very good
so well I think that would be all
for today
I hope you liked this
personalized content and good if it is
that they liked leaves with huge like and not
I know why I'm saying this let's go
the good installation this is the
installation what they have to do
first of all it is to enter the page that
happens to the description that is this is
always experience
some should already know it because they are
very good has content bases
custom and good content as
is these would be all the colors this
I love everything
practically
it almost says 1710 skin colors what
says every tone because there are 17 I do not know is
very complicated here is everything
tells you how to use the two I already
I explained and he said something about the
genetic but I did not understand very well how
who are working on that in the
gene for
so that the children when they are born are born
with the same skin color and all that
then it also works for boy not
forget to tell them it works for all
ages
so good they have to go down here
where they see these orange things and they come
to this 15 95 -jorge there is 995 this
fresh are freckles and that's three
dates I do not know for what so good
press on the simplifies
the link is mediafire 2 mb / s not
weighs nothing and you lower them in two seconds
already
just out of the blue
when they already have they are going to come to downloads
and already have it here we are going to take it here
they go to libraries documents and in
electronic arts go to the sims four and
in mods in the folder mods what happens is
a package file and ready as it is not a
script mold do not need to activate anything
of the game so good that would be all
for today I hope you have helped them this
video and if he likes to direct a
huge line and subscribe be serious
he needed a lot of everything that are
doing are more are 430 are a
bunch of subscribers never ever what
I can believe that it will come this far
what good many thanks for all the
support for everything comment any doubt
that have as a lie do not doubt in
comment because he answers everything there is no
problem so good see you the
next video chau